Tech-Preview Arm integration (#18)
suse-edge/atip: telco-examples/mgmt-cluster/aarch64/README.md

## Tech-Preview AARCH64 Integration (full e2e, mgmt-cluster and downstream clusters using aarch64 architecture)

This is an example to demonstrate how to deploy a management cluster for Telco using SUSE ATIP and the fully automated directed network provisioning using aarch64 architecture.

# Management Cluster in a single-node setup (aarch64)

> This is an example of using Edge Image Builder (EIB) to generate a management cluster iso image for SUSE ATIP. The management cluster will contain the following components:

Reviewer: I'd suggest to specify the exact version of SUSE ATIP (e.g. `3.1.1`) and use its respective versions. Currently, the `mgmt-cluster-singlenode.yaml` definition mixes 3.1.0 versions with upstream.

Author: This is a tech-preview example, and we need to use the upstream repos because it will be release as a product feature in 3.3.

You need to modify the following folder:

- `base-images` - To include inside the `SL-Micro.aarch64-6.0-Default-SelfInstall-GM.install.iso` image downloaded from the SUSE Customer Center.

## Optional modifications

### Add certificates to use HTTPS server to provide images using TLS

This is an optional step to add certificates to the management cluster to provide images using HTTPS Server (Helm Chart metal3 Version >= 0.7.1)

1. Modify the `kubernetes/helm/values/metal3.yaml` file to set to true the following value in the global section:

```yaml
global:
  additionalTrustedCAs: true
```

2. If you are deploying a mgmt-cluster from scratch using EIB, then add the secret to the manifests folder `kubernetes/manifests/metal3-cacert-secret.yaml` to automate the creation of the secret in the management cluster:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: metal3-system
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: tls-ca-additional
  namespace: metal3-system
type: Opaque
data:
  ca-additional.crt: {{ additional_ca_cert | b64encode }}
```

> 3. If you want to add the secret manually, then you can use the following command to create the secret:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Alternatively, you can use the following command to create the secret manually:
```

Author: Thanks! Much better. Changed

```bash
kubectl -n meta3-system create secret generic tls-ca-additional --from-file=ca-additional.crt=./ca-additional.crt
```

> where the ca-additional.crt is the certificate file that you want to use to provide images using HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `ca-additional.crt` is the certificate file that you want to use to provide images using HTTPS.
```

## Building the Management Cluster Image using EIB

> 1. Clone this repo and navigate to the `telco-examples/mgmt-cluster/aarch64/eib` directory.

Reviewer: Let's add the steps here in order to simplify the third step below:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/suse-edge/atip.git
$ cd telco-examples/mgmt-cluster/aarch64/eib
```

Author: changed also for the rest of examples. Thanks

2. Modify the files described above.

> 3. The following command has to be executed from the parent directory where you have the `eib` directory cloned from this example (`mgmt-cluster`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the image building process.
```

Author: Changed!

```

> $ cd telco-examples/mgmt-cluster/aarch64/eib
> $ sudo podman run --rm --privileged -it -v $PWD:/eib \
> registry.suse.com/edge/3.1/edge-image-builder:1.1.0 \
> build --definition-file mgmt-cluster-arm-singlenode.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ sudo podman run --rm --privileged -it -v $PWD:/eib \
registry.suse.com/edge/3.1/edge-image-builder:1.1.0 \
build --definition-file mgmt-cluster-arm-singlenode.yaml
```

Author: makes sense with the previous command to do a cd before...I've changed also the rest of examples

```

## Deploy the Management Cluster

> Once you have the iso image built using EIB into the `eib` folder, you can use it to be deployed on a VM or a baremetal server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the build process is finished, you will find the modified ISO image in the `eib` directory. You can then proceed to provision a VM or a baremetal server with it.
```
